Alright. Coumarine City,
here we come.
Yay. Yay.
Wow, Serena's pumped up.
[AGREEMENT]
I guess you're all ready
for the Pokémon showcase,
aren't you?
You bet. I'm so totally excited,
I can hardly wait to get there.
Oh, no. I'm so exhausted,
I can hardly wait to sleep.
Isn't this hill
ever going to end?
I was thinking
the same thing.
What are you two
talking about?
Serena, you were
so psyched a minute ago.
[AGREEMENT]
BONNIE
'Hey!'
From this point on,
it's downhill all the way.
We're saved.
What a relief.
‐ Look. A Pokémon.
‐ Who's that?
Hey, that's a Swanna.
[all gasp]
BONNIE
Something's falling.
Ah. Ah..
GOOMY
[DISTRESSED]
Ash, no!
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're
up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"A Slippery Encounter."
NARRATOR
As our heroes continue to make
their way to Coumarine City,
something unexpected
has fallen from the sky,
landing directly on Ash.
[Ash grunting]
Ah.
It's all slimy. Huh?
Is it a Pokémon?
POKEDEX
Goomy, the Soft Tissue Pokémon
and the weakest
of all Dragon types.
'In order to keep
its body moist'
'Goomy lives in places
where it's dark and damp.'
Oh, wow. So Goomy's the weakest
of all Dragon‐type Pokémon.
I've got to say, it doesn't
look like a Dragon type to me.
And something's not right.
Hey. You okay?
You know, the majority
of Goomy's body
is made up of liquid.
I'm wondering if somehow
it got dried out.
‐ I've got some water.
‐ Huh?
[TIRED]
Maybe it's still not enough.
ASH
Huh? A river!
Great! I'll just
take it to the river.
Huh? You're gonna
climb down there?
It's too dangerous.
We'll be fine.
It's got to have water.
‐ Oh.
‐ No.
[screaming]
SERENA
Oh, no, Ash!
I've got you.
PIKACHU
[PANICKED]
[grunts]
How was that?
Ah.. Whoa.
Go for it.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[chuckles]
Thanks a lot, buddy.
[HAPPY]
Uh‐oh. Almost there.
Whoa!
[SCARED]
[grunting]
Ash, we warned you.
BONNIE
Goomy still looks weak.
We've got to put
more water on it.
[SURPRISED]
Goomy, hang in there.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
How are you now?
[EXCITED]
You're looking much better.
[AGREEMENT]
That feel good?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Is that enough water for now?
Alright. That's such a relief.
It sure is.
Yay. Goomy's better.
Goomy's better.
[EXCITED]
GOOMY
[SCARED]
Goomy, Dedenne scares you?
Well, it's possible Goomy's
afraid because Dragon‐type
Pokémon are weak against
Fairy‐type moves.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Huh?
Wow, Goomy's scared
of cute little Dedenne?
You're weird.
[EXCITED]
[chuckles]
That tickles.
You're all jiggly.
Stop.
[PAINED]
Goomy, what's wrong?
Goomy's horns have
sensory organs in them
and I believe
they're its weak point.
Slow down.
Take it easy.
Maybe when you said Goomy was
weird, it hurt its feelings.
GOOMY [AFFIRMATIVE]
‐ Huh?
[laughing]
It looks to me like Goomy
thinks you're right.
But it is a little gross
that Goomy feels so slimy.
[all gasp]
Goomy, I'm sorry.
I hurt your feelings. Huh?
[RAIN DANCE MOVE]
How come it's only
raining on Serena?
[Serena yelping]
Wow. You can use Rain Dance?
I said I'm sorry.
I won't call you gross again.
[AGREEMENT]
Huh? Oh. It stopped.
‐ Hmm.
Now what's going on?
Goomy looks just like you
when you're hungry, Ash.
Huh. Hey, Goomy,
want something to eat?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Okay.
Huh.
Goomy. Oh, man.
Where are you going?
GOOMY
[CURIOUS]
A Goomy, eh?
Is it worth the catch?
A weak Pokémon like that
can't be worth much.
I say let's stick to our plan.
You mean catch Pikachu?
I'm with you.
[EATING]
[CURIOUS]
So Goomy likes
to eat leaves, huh?
CHESPIN
[APPEARING]
[HAPPY]
Whoa, Chespin. Not again.
[EXCITED]
‐ Huh?
CHESPIN
[INTRIGUED]
CLEMONT
Are you hungry, too?
CHESPIN
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[PIN MISSILE MOVE]
[DELIGHTED]
CHESPIN
[EATING]
Chespin sure enjoys eating.
[ATTACKING]
Chespin, no!
BONNIE
'It looks really mad.'
GOOMY/PIKACHU
[SCARED]/[SURPRISED]
CLEMONT Of course. That tree
must be Ariados' home.
[ANGRY]/[STRING SHOT MOVE]
Electro ball.
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
CHESPIN
[SCARED]/[SAD]
I'm so sorry.
Chespin didn't mean any harm.
Please forgive us.
[AGREEMENT]
CHESPIN
[UNHAPPY]
‐ Oh..
‐ Goomy, it's okay now. Huh?
[FEARFUL]
Goomy's really scared.
What's wrong? It's all over.
GOOMY
[FRIGHTENED]
What do you mean?
[chuckles] It looks like
it's all up to me now.
CLEMONT The future is now,
thanks to science.
Clemontic gear, on.
I thought we'd encounter
a situation
precisely like this one.
I call it the Pokémon
Translator Mark Two.
It's the newest version
of my Pokémon translator
creating a visual image
of what's actually happening
inside of a Pokémon's brain.
ASH
Whoa. Science is so amazing.
BONNIE
Is it safe?
You just observe. Power on.
I can see something.
[YAWNING]
[HAPPY]
[ATTACK]
[GROWLING]
SWANNA
[ALARMED]
‐ Oh.
‐ Clemont, is that it?
‐ Uh, I'm really not sure.
Hmm.
You know what?
I'm not surprised.
CLEMONT 'I know the image was
cut off, but I would theorize'
'Goomy got caught up
in some kind of'
'Pokémon skirmish
and ran away.'
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[laughing]
Looks to me like Goomy
says you're right.
That's why Goomy was so scared
when it saw the Ariados.
[chuckling]
Huh?
[CURIOUS]
PIKACHU
[AFFIRMATIVE]
What does Goomy
want this time?
[INTRIGUED]
[all gasping]
ASH
Hey, what's going on?
[snickering]
Prepare for trouble,
we're going strong.
And make it double,
as the day is long.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of veering off‐course.
To catch Pikachu,
we must come to the source.
‐ Jessie
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
JAMES Surrender Pikachu now,
or prepare for a fight.
Meowth, that's right.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Team Rocket. You guys again?
JESSIE Ha, important work
demands the best.
‐ Meowth, do the rest.
‐ With zest.
Quick, Pikachu, Thunderbolt.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
‐ Oh.
‐ Huh?
MEOWTH Our anti‐zap Twerp
technology
is second to none,
son.
[ALARMED]
Pikachu, no!
[SCARED]
‐ Pikachu, yes.
‐ Here's your prize.
[coughing]
ASH
Argh!
‐ Team Rocket's got Goomy, too.
‐ Huh?
They must have gotten
them both at the same time.
They won't get away with it.
No doubt we'll get
them both back.
FROGADIER
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Quick, Frogadier, use Cut
to slice through this thing.
[CUT MOVE]
[laughing]
Fletchinder, I choose you.
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Fletchinder, I need you to go
and find Team Rocket's balloon.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Goomy.
GOOMY
[EXERTION]
PIKACHU
[STRUGGLING]/[ATTACK]
JAMES
Please, you're wasting energy.
Right. Conserve.
Be more responsible..
[yelps] There's a ghost
standing behind Pikachu!
PIKACHU/GOOMY
[DEFIANT]/[SCARED]
‐ Nah, it's just Goomy.
‐ Don't scare me like that.
Pikachu alone would
have been quite enough
but there's always
room for one more.
MEOWTH 'And with those two
trapped inside my anti‐zap cage'
Pikachu's helpless
as an unplugged lamp.
Now it's merrily
off to the boss.
‐ Right, but first..
‐ Party.
[AGREEMENT]
TEAM ROCKET
Cheers!
WOBBUFFET
[PLAYFUL]
[laughing]
‐ Meowth, you're next.
‐ Eh?
Yes, we're waiting.
But I'm out of material.
The writers
left me high and dry.
Hmm.
[cheering]
Alright, now it's my turn.
[munching]
Lotad.
‐ What? No?
‐ Uh, not today.
Now, look, you bummed
Jessie out.
‐ Just kidding.
‐ Grr.
MEOWTH 'Now it's time
for my take on the boss.'
JAMES
'I'm certain the Pokémon..'
PIKACHU
[WORRIED]/[STRUGGLING]
[ANGRY]
GOOMY
[CONCERNED]
[HOPEFUL]
[ATTACK]
PIKACHU
[PAINED]
GOOMY
[CONCERNED]
PIKACHU
[REASSURING]
[ATTACK]
[UNHAPPY]/[WORRIED]
PIKACHU/GOOMY
[TIRED]/[CONCERNED]
[EXCITED]
[DETERMINED]/[EXCITED]
[EXERTION]
[DELIGHTED]
[CURIOUS]/[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
[HAPPY]
[STRUGGLING]
[TIRED]
PIKACHU
[SURPRISED]
GOOMY
[EXERTION]
[THOUGHTFUL]
GOOMY/PIKACHU
[EXCITED]/[SURPRISED]
[HAPPY]
GOOMY/PIKACHU
[DETERMINED]/[AFFIRMATIVE]
[SHOCKED]
JAMES
'...a big bang boom.'
[FEARFUL]
JESSIE
It sounded as loud
as a whiny Twerp.
JAMES But everything
seems to be in order.
MEOWTH 'Hey, I don't remember
Pikachu glistening like that.'
[ALARMED]
Well, whatever. Let's get
back to partying hardy.
TEAM ROCKET
Yeah! Party!
[RELIEVED]
[STRUGGLING]/[EXERTION]
[HAPPY]
You know, I've never seen
Pikachu glisten
like that before.
Perhaps Pikachu
perspires profusely.
That sweat'd work
great in a magic trick.
Yeah, like slipping
through cage bars.
Like slipping through cage bars.
[ALARMED]
[shouting indistinctly]
[EXERTION]
GOOMY/PIKACHU
[CURIOUS]/[AFFIRMATIVE]
[HAPPY]
Oh. There. It's them!
Let's balloon it
and fly them down.
Air travel is fast.
WOBBUFFET
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[CALLING]
[EXERTION]
[panting]
[CALLING]
Fletchinder,
did you find them?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXERTION]/[ALARMED]
JAMES I'm faster than a speeding
thunderbolt.
Away.
[SCARED]
GOOMY
[RAIN DANCE MOVE]
[panting]
What's with the storm cloud?
‐ This isn't gymnastics.
‐ Hop in.
[James grunting]
[EXERTION]
Pumpkaboo, use Shadow Ball.
[APPEARING]
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[SCARED]
[Ash grunting]
[groaning]
[HAPPY]
Are you both alright?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Team Rocket,
you'll pay for this.
Ha! Let's take this
from the top.
[squealing]
‐ Oh, the shame.
‐ For sure.
Caught by the same dumb trap.
Grr.
Drat, we missed
the Twerp of choice.
Worry not. Our purpose
is to steal Pikachu.
I was just about to do that.
Pikachu, Iron Tail.
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
‐ That's not right.
‐ Inkay, launch.
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
‐ Pumpkaboo, Shadow Ball.
‐ Tackle.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Fletchinder, use Peck.
And Pikachu, Electro Ball.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
FLETCHINDER/INKAY
[PECK MOVE]/[TACKLE MOVE]
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
[IMPACT]
Awesome. Let's wrap this up.
Inkay, Psybeam.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[PAINED]
Ah!
[TIRED]
[EXERTION]
[ATTACK]
FLETCHINDER/PIKACHU
[PAINED]
‐ Huh?
‐ What's going on?
They've been confused
by that Psybeam.
‐ Stop.
‐ Huh?
[ANGRY]
Pikachu, no.
If you do that,
you'll hurt each other.
You've got to stop.
[grunting]
It's okay. Everything's fine.
I'm right here.
FLETCHINDER/PIKACHU
[STRUGGLING]/[ANGRY]
[TOUCHED]/[ANGRY]
PIKACHU/FLETCHINDER
[STRUGGLING]/[ANGRY]
I've had quite enough of this
hearts‐and‐flowers tear‐jerker.
If this mayhem keeps up,
the outcome gives me the chills.
That's right, and the thought
of it is giving me the thrills.
Finish this up with Dark Pulse.
While we use Psybeam.
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
SERENA
Ash, look out!
[DETERMINED]
Ah.
GOOMY
[STRUGGLING]
Goomy!
‐ One more time.
‐ More gusto!
INKAY/PUMPKABOO
[PSYBEAM MOVE]/[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Run. Goomy!
[STRUGGLING]
[ANGRY]
[BIDE MOVE]
INKAY/PUMPKABOO
[PAINED]
What's that?
‐ It used Bide.
‐ What do you know?
Awesome, Goomy.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[SURPRISED]/[HAPPY]
You're not confused anymore.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Ah. Shadow ball, let's go.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
Alright, Pikachu,
use Thunderbolt.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[screaming]
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET
[AFFIRMATIVE]
INKAY
[AGREEMENT]
Alright!
[HAPPY]
You two were so amazing.
Hey, Goomy, that Bide
of yours is totally cool.
With that kind
of awesome power
there's no way
you could ever be weak.
[AGREEMENT]
[HAPPY]
DEDENNE
[EXCITED]
GOOMY
[SCARED]
Even if it is weak
against Fairy types
there's no reason
it should be that scared.
Perhaps there's some deeper,
hidden reason for that behavior.
‐ Deeper reason?
‐ I'm not sure.
‐ Huh?
When you got us out of that jam
using your Bide, I felt it.
'Your real power.'
PIKACHU/GOOMY
[AGREEMENT]/[HAPPY]
[CURIOUS]/[AFFIRMATIVE]
[HAPPY]
So, Goomy, are you saying
you want to become
really strong like Pikachu?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[laughing]
Stop it. That tickles.
Alright, then. Are you ready?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Awesome. Okay.
Here it comes.
Go, Poké Ball.
[CONTENT]
[HAPPY]
Yes! I caught a Goomy!
Yeah!
[EXCITED]
ASH
'Goomy, come on out!'
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Goomy, I want you and Pikachu
to grow stronger together.
[laughing]
BONNIE
Glad you're here, Goomy.
SERENA We know you're
going to be great.
CLEMONT
Welcome aboard.
That tickles. Come on.
[HAPPY]
NARRATOR Ash has a new friend.
Goomy has a new family.
And together,
our expanded group of heroes
will resume their trek
to Coumarine City once again
as the journey continues.
[theme music]